- You're sold.
- Really?
- I really wanna take a trip
to see Vinny.
Let's try
and keep this drama aside.
- We're here.
- We're in LA, bitch.
- I'm leaving tomorrow to go
back to the East Coast.
That's a real rumor.
- That's not my problem.
- It's the thirstiest thing
I've ever seen.
- Allegations happen about me
all the time, sweetie pie.
- I don't give a [bleep].
You're not me.
- ♪ Get crazy, get wild ♪
♪ Let's party, get loud ♪
- Yeah, buddy!
- Party's here!
- The Situation
is under construction.
- We're so classy now.
- On the seventh day,
it'll be lit.
- Get the frig out of here,
you crazy!
- Um, hello?
- ♪ If you wanna have fun,
then do something crazy ♪
- ♪ Can't tell me nothin',
can't sell me dreams ♪
♪ I'm a well-known hustler
and it's in my genes ♪
- Wow and more wow
and more wow.
- What the [bleep]?
Angelina and Chris lost me
as a friend
by making up lies about me,
and to make it even worse,
I have to be with Angelina
for my last night in LA.
- I tried to break the tension.
- I know. Thank you for that.
Why don't you ask my husband,
Vinny,
and confront him like a man
instead of coming at me
like a douche?
- What the [bleep]
am I gonna do tomorrow?
So this was definitely
not the final night in LA
that I was expecting.
God help me.
- No more talking about
this [bleep] no more,
because I left my kids,
so I want to have a good time.
- Yes, I promise you.
Pinky swear. Swear.
- Okay, let's get ready
for bed.
- ♪ I was hype [indistinct]
in the back back ♪
♪ Took a mic, no rights,
had the right tracks ♪
- Oh, hey, Romy. Daddy's gotta
water the driveways right now.
I'm gonna just put you
in the shade.
Enjoy the fresh air.
Daddy's gotta do
what Daddy's gotta do,
and I gotta clean the areas.
- Yo, washing dishes
is a dangerous sport.
Could've just cut myself.
- Washing dishes
is therapeutic.
- Why don't you start
drying them then?
- No.
- Ready to see it?
Scribble scribble.
- [indistinct].
Circle the smaller circle.
- What did you say?
I can't hear you.
- My daddy,
he watered the driveway.
His daddy watered the driveway.
And also his daddy's daddy
watered the driveway.
And one day you will be
watering your own driveway.
The student will
become the teacher.
- ♪ Creep to her
on the floor ♪
♪ That's what
you came here for ♪
[telephone rings]
[line trilling]
- [Bleep].
- Is he not gonna pick up?
- Hello? Hi.
- Um, hello.
- We have 9 1/2 hours
to see all of LA.
Are you ready?
- Oh, my God.
I forgot you were here.
- Oh, hell no.
- He's just being a skooch.
- Yeah, wake up.
- I'm sleeping.
- I'm gonna order breakfast,
and we're gonna get
this show on the road.
- And hurry the [bleep] up.
- All right,
I'll see you there.
both: Bye.
- Oh, God.
- He better be nice today.
- Oh, my...
- I'm already pissed off
right now,
because I hear Vinny
has a little, little 'tude,
and I don't like the 'tude.
I ain't gonna take [bleep].
That's all I'm saying.
- Cheers to a day in LA.
[upbeat music]
- ♪ Yeah you're gonna see me ♪
♪ Me me me me ♪
♪ Yeah you're gonna see me
me me with a new beat ♪
- Finally here.
So pretty. I'm so tired.
So I finally land
after 14 days of flying.
I am a mess. I smell.
But at least
the weather is perfect.
But I'm excited to see Vinny's
house and get a hot shower
and just,
like, sit down and relax.
- I really have no idea
how Jenni is gonna react.
She's literally coming in,
finding out Vinny's moving,
and we're leaving
in nine hours.
- If I was her, I'd flip.
[knocking]
- Come on in.
- Hey.
- Why do you sound like you
just, like, got hit by a bus?
Like, what the [bleep]?
- Oh, I get it. You're a snake.
- I am. Oh...
- Oh, my God.
- Yo, don't--see how
you're starting?
- We're doing with this?
Time-out.
- You're becoming
who you really are.
- Actually, it's a python,
asshole. Get it straight.
- Being the referee
between Angelina and Vinny.
I'm over you two.
- I have a good day planned.
Actually, you're dressed
perfectly for it.
We're gonna go
for a little hike.
- Are you joking--
- It'll be easy one.
It'll be, like,
a nice Deena hike.
Angelina will scare off...
- I like walking.
- All the rattlesnakes
'cause of her outfit.
- Wait, there's rattlesnakes?
- Yeah, I'm above that.
- There are rattlesnakes
and coyotes and mountain lions.
Hikes are dangerous, you know?
Out here in LA you got,
like, rattlesnakes.
You can get lost,
die of sunstroke and stuff.
So if anything happened
to Angelina and she kind of
just got left here, like,
that wouldn't be my fault.
- So you hike on trails
with rattlesnakes,
coyotes, and mountain lions?
- Yeah. And, like,
a lot of Instagram models.
- That you slide in their DMs?
- Don't worry what
I do, Angelina.
- Ew, [bleep] slob.
- You love it.
- All right. Oh, my God
- I don't know
what's gonna happen today.
It could be the longest
ten hours of my life,
or it could be like
a fun tourist day.
We got, like,
all different kinds of things,
eggs, bacon.
We've got some
live rodents for you.
- Oh, my God. Vinny.
- I'm gonna [bleep]
knock you out.
- All right, Vinny.
It's a merry-go-round
at this point.
Just let it go.
[phone rings]
Oh, Jenni's calling.
Oh, [bleep].
- Hey, J.
- Dee, I'm lost in LA.
- Wait, what do you mean
you're lost?
- I rented a vehicle.
I'm trying to get
to Vinny's house,
but it keeps rerouting me.
- First of all, J,
we're not at Vinny's house.
- Why not?
- We're at The London
eating breakfast.
- Ooh, my favorite.
- Yeah, so come to The London.
We're in room 810.
- Why are you
at The London, though?
- Long story, girl.
- It's a long story.
We'll explain
when--when you get here.
- Oh, you wanna hear
about long stories?
I had a four-hour delay
at Newark
that I had to deplane,
get on a flight from Orlando
that ended up
having bad weather.
So they rerouted us to Canada.
- No.
- And the flight
was 7 1/2 hours
on top of the 4-hour delay.
- Oh, my God.
- So I basically flew
from Australia.
Can I squeeze in a nap
in about 20 minutes?
'Cause I think
I'm gonna face-plant.
- You're in trouble.
- Sorry. I'm delirious
and tired.
- So after that,
I've got to tell her
that we're leaving tonight?
- Yes.
- Hello.
- Hi, Jenni.
- Hi, Vinny.
- Well, we have a lot
of fun stuff planned.
- Yeah.
- Well, I'm excited.
I have a rental,
so we all can fit.
- Oh, you really went
above and beyond.
- Above and beyond for Vinny.
- All right, we'll see you
at The London.
Call us when you're here.
Ahh...ahh...ahh...
[phone beeping]
- What the [bleep]?
- She's gonna [bleep] kill us.
- You're a pro at that.
- Yay.
Don't think I'm gonna
be here long,
so can I just leave
my truck out in front?
I need to go to bed.
- Do you need assistance?
- Nope.
- Wrath of JWOWW.
- On no sleep.
- I know.
- No sleep. Probably no coffee.
- She didn't shower.
[knocking]
- Yes. Thank God.
- I've never heard of a plane
going through Canada.
- Thank God.
- So you're in LA. Thank you.
Welcome...
- Yes, love it.
- To the beautiful weather
here; I love the...
- It's gorgeous.
- Love the hills, the beach,
the mountains,
the Hollywood sign, but...
Jenni's been, like,
having travel woes.
She's been on a plane for,
like, 14 hours
trying to get here,
and I gotta tell her
that I'm leaving tonight.
I'm, like, scared to tell her.
So how long were
you gonna be here for?
- Like, a long weekend.
I don't have the kids
for three nights.
I wanted to, like, relax,
nap, spa with my girls.
- Yeah, have a girl trip.
- Why are you being like that?
[dramatic music]
What is happening?
What happened?
♪ ♪
- So Vinny has something
to say.
♪ ♪
- Yo, I didn't say it.
- Yeah, you did.
- Um, you're shooting
the messenger right now.
- Because without you,
there was no rumor.
- [Bleep] knee in your balls.
He was, like, you and your
husband are [bleep] snakes,
and I'm gonna say it
to your husband's face.
I'm, like, you're gonna say it
to Chris' face, really?
- He's little [bleep] pussy.
Wish I was there
to [bleep] smack him.
- You might think I'm a scumbag
and whatever,
but when you said "snake,"
that's a little [bleep]
up to even say that.
- Can we just eat
and not fight?
- Shut the fuck up.
- That's my opinion.
- Can we have the check?
- ♪ That's my sis
in the airport ♪
♪ She's so bad ♪
♪ Make her own money,
pop her own tag ♪
- So Vinny has
something to say.
- I don't have my house
anymore.
I actually sold my house.
[tense music]
- I don't know whether
to congratulate you
or to punch you in the face.
When the [bleep]
are you going home?
- I'm leaving tonight.
- Home tomorrow?
- I wanted to see
you guys in Jersey.
I was gonna come knock
on your door and be, like,
"Hey, guys.
Surprise. I'm back".
- "I'm home."
Honestly, I can't
even process it right now,
because I'm so delusional.
I think I'm actually in a dream
and I'm still in New Jersey
sleeping peacefully in my bed
and this is all dream.
- It's one day in LA.
Now that you guys are here,
we're gonna have a fun day.
We're gonna go to hiking.
- Who the [bleep]
wants go hiking?
- Lookit, this girl's
in full hair
and makeup hiking gear
right now.
- Listen...
- Who the [bleep] wants to go
hiking after being
on an 11-hour delay?
So happy, Vinny.
So how was dinner?
- It was actually very--
- Oh, it was wonderful.
It was the typical...
- You throw a drink?
both: No.
- You were annoying.
- No, you were annoyed,
and you were.
- Stop trying to make it
like you had no--
- They were fighting about
what she had brought up
at the dinner.
- Yes.
- Did you lie about that?
- You've said a million things
about me that you brought to--
- We did this last night.
- You have the right to say
whatever you want.
- So, so, so--
- But now I don't
[bleep] with you.
You lost me as, like,
a good friend.
- Okay, well, then I don't
[bleep] with you then.
You're so annoying.
I can't. Don't start with me.
- This was last night?
- I didn't start with you.
You started with me.
- No, you're starting with me.
- You started with me when
you brought that [bleep] up.
Because every action
has a reaction.
- That's my line.
- Give me that other top.
- That's your line?
- That's what I say.
- I'm pretty sure that's Albert
Einstein's line or something.
- Oh, okay.
- It's called physics.
- We're in the social studies
book now. I forgot.
- Equal and opposite reactions.
- I forgot.
- Ahh!
- Oh, [bleep].
- Enough!
I feel like my Chris
might be having an easier time
this week
in taking care of the two boys
than I'm going
to be taking care
of friggin' Vinnie and Angelina
this entire weekend.
We have things to do.
- And then you walk in here
and started with me.
- Angelina...
- You start.
You open yourself up.
- Oh, come on.
- Yo, I didn't say it.
- Yeah, you did.
- You're shooting the messenger
right now?
- Yeah, I am shooting
the messenger,
'cause the messenger
is the only thing here.
Because without you,
there was no rumor, bro.
- I'm taking a nap.
Figure out your [bleep]
Wake me up when it's over.
- [Bleep] knee in your balls.
- You're eating his balls?
- I don't condone any violence.
- [Bleep].
- You know I would
dominate you in bed.
- Who the [bleep] says that?
- This is too much for me.
[line trilling]
- Hi, Michael Sorrentino.
- Hey, what's up guys?
What are you up to?
- Hey.
- I actually just got here.
Why are we at The London,
Vinny?
- We're all leaving tonight
to go back to the East Coast,
because I sold--
- Stop it.
- I sold my house,
and I'm coming home.
- Oh, damn. Already?
- Yo, money talks, bro.
I got the offer.
I said you guys
do whatever you want.
- Vinny. Vinny, Vinny.
- It would have
been nice to know.
Vinny should have said he sold
his house in group chat
and then poof, trip canceled.
- All right, Mike,
we'll talk to you later.
- Bye, Mike. Love you.
- All right, bye.
- I'm gonna go get ready,
get some things for hiking,
make sure you guys
gotta stay hydrated.
You look beautiful.
You're ready for--
- Oh, thank you. Thanks, sweet.
- You're ready to go
for the hike.
I'll meet you in the hallway
in, like, five minutes.
- Bye.
- All right.
- All right, snake.
- Oh, he is so annoying.
- I don't know how we're gonna
keep this going
if they keep fighting.
Like, it's going to be
a miserable time.
One of you has to stop.
- ♪ Boys make noise if you
put 'em on the side ♪
♪ They boys are killing me ♪
♪ And I don't want to die ♪
[line trilling]
- I didn't plan to spend
my last nine hours
with these psychos.
- I love our sisters,
but it's not easy
to deal with them
by yourself sometimes.
- No, it's definitely not.
- I left my kids.
I came here literally
just trying to see
if Vinny was okay.
It turned into
a [bleep] disaster.
Look at Jenni. Poor Jenni.
12 hours on a flight.
Let's just try to enjoy
the next seven hours.
- Did you confront Angeliners
about those salty rumors
she was trying
to spread about you?
- Yeah, and now she doesn't
wanna deal
with the reaction that it has.
- Wow. Yeah.
- I definitely need a drink
to handle it.
I need ten drinks right now.
- But now it's, like, ooh,
you just got on my bad side,
like, for no reason.
- Yeah, and the husband too.
- Yeah, both of them,
the cuck and her.
- ♪ If you really really down
get that sound up ♪
♪ I need that type of beat
to shake the ground up ♪
- Honeys.
- Yeah.
- Vinny just informed me
that he's moving back
to the East Coast.
- He just bought that house.
- I think he missed us.
- Less than a year.
- I wanna say I'm surprised,
but I'm not.
- Anyway, him and Angeliners
are really going at it
right now.
He said he really got nothing
out of confronting her.
The only thing that he knows
is the fact
that Angeliners and her
husband,
the Larangeiras,
have made an enemy out of him.
- Oh, [bleep].
- I think the only thing
that this girls' trip
plus Vinny has
is created a--a resentment.
Seems like a dumpster fire out
in the West Coast right now.
I don't know if they're gonna
get anything solved out there
but it's a wait and see.
- What a [bleep] show.
[funky music]
- Maybe we can get ourselves
a drink along the way.
- I got--I got a solution.
- What's your solution?
Sunblock?
- You're putting vodka
in the shampoo?
Did you clean it out?
- Yeah.
- What is happening?
- I'm trying to funnel.
- How many are you making?
- As many as it's gonna
take to survive.
- Girl, that's called a coma.
- Who's ready for
a day in LA?
- Shotgun.
- No, I'm not going
in the back with Angelina.
No, no, shotgun.
- Oh. No.
- Yeah.
- I wanna sit in front.
- I don't wanna sit
next to her.
- I am like mom here.
So if I could, like,
ignore what's going on
in the back seat,
that's what I'm gonna do.
- Stop. Stop touching me.
- Do we still have eight hours?
Eight hours?
- Eight hours.
- LA day.
Oh, the Hollywood sign.
- Oh, my gosh.
- Wait, are we going up
to the Hollywood sign?
- We better be.
- I don't think we're gonna
make it all the way up there.
- Vinny, you're carrying me
up that hill.
- How do you get there?
- Yeah, okay.
- No, you're carrying me
on your back.
- But I'm glad I got to see
the Hollywood sign.
- Vinny, I'm not kidding.
- Let's totally take
a picture with it.
- If one of us gets hurt,
we'll use you as a stretcher.
- Oh, my God.
- Bro, you are so lucky that
we're doing this right now...
- Shut up.
- Bro.
- And there are cameras around,
because I would slap you silly.
- Hey, Siri,
talk about Angelina.
- Angelina sucks.
I hate her so much.
She looks like an iguana.
Please get me the [bleep]
away from her.
She's whack as [bleep].
- I [bleep] can't.
Get me out of the car.
You are so [bleep].
Get out of the car.
- I'm used to, like, hearing,
like, kids in the back.
Like, yeah, all right.
- Yeah.
- I can handle the back.
- Yeah,
she likes from the back.
- There's only so much--
- How the [bleep]
do you know what I like?
- For two people that say
they don't remember having sex
with each other,
they know a lot
about every detail
of having sex with each other.
- She likes it from the back.
That's why I said she
should have done an annulment,
'cause she puts
the "anal" in "annulment."
- Oh, my God.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- I think we're here.
Smokey The Bear
says we're here.
- All right. So this is it?
First of all, there's nothing
pretty about this place.
- Well, what do you mean
by pretty?
- A dirt road we're walking?
- It gets pretty when you get
to the top.
- Vinny, you are never
planning an itinerary again.
- My feet are gonna get dusty.
I thought I was going into
a bougie-ass house
that was worth millions
on the top of the hills
to eat breakfast
and have a butler.
- I wanted to see LA.
I didn't wanna do this.
I'm a meatball. I don't hike.
- It's just like life.
You have to struggle
a little bit.
And then on the other side
of the struggle
of the climb is paradise.
- Yeah, but I said
I wanted to see LA, not this.
- This is the best part of LA.
[rattling]
- Wait, do you hear that?
- Maybe it's a rattlesnake.
- Is that a rattlesnake?
- Maybe it's a locust.
- What is that?
- No.
- Vinny, what is that,
a fucking rattlesnake?
- Jenni, I'll be honest.
I'm not happy about this.
- My legs hurt.
I don't like rattlesnakes.
- The only snake here is her.
- And I'm sweaty.
- Oh, I thought you were
gonna make a penis joke.
- I'm not a snake. I just dress
like snakes, so get it right.
- Well, I think I've seen
enough of L.A. for today.
- We didn't even start
the hike.
The parking lot's right there.
- It's 150 degrees
out right now.
Come on, Vinny. My spray tan
is gonna wash off...
- Come on, guys. Let's just go.
- With my sweat. I'm hot.
- Come on.
- I have no service.
- That was a whopping
a three-minute hike.
- All right,
we have to take a selfie.
- You can't just take a selfie.
You have to--you have to
earn your selfie by hiking.
- I don't wanna earn [bleep].
I wanna take a selfie here
and just say that I did.
- All right, this is
what we'll do.
- No one will know.
- We'll do it here, and it
looks like we did something.
- Yeah.
- They're taking a picture.
We barely left the parking lot.
- ♪ Time for a,
time for a selfie ♪
- And they're angling it up
so it looks like
they're on a hike.
You can't do that.
I'm ashamed to be in this.
My fellow hikers
would be mad at me.
- Look, looks like
we made it to the top.
- ♪ Time for a,
time for a selfie ♪
- Whoo!
- We climbed.
- I am hot.
- You knew my meatball ass
wasn't going all
the way up to that top hill.
- I thought you'd make it past
the parking lot.
- We have seven hours left.
I definitely could go
for a slice of pizza.
- Yeah, I'm getting hungry.
[upbeat music]
- It is Lorenzo's
birthday tomorrow.
I know that he loves wrestling.
So we have something that
he can practice his skills on.
Oh, life is good, honey.
Life is good.
both: Hi.
- Oh, my God.
- We come bearing gifts.
- What is that?
- This is a surprise
birthday gift.
- I mean, it looks like
a dead body. Who did you kill?
You're not bringing a dead body
into my house.
Say hi to Uncle Mike
and Aunt Lauren.
- Hello.
- Hi.
- Hi
- Oh, my God. He's so handsome.
I haven't seen him
in a couple of months.
Well, we know
it is your birthday
and we got you a wrestling
dummy to practice your moves.
- Oh, my God.
Lorenzo is gonna love this.
- Headlock him.
You get them like this.
You do the suplex.
- What do you say?
- Thank you.
- Aww.
- Can I get a hug?
- He could definitely try all
of his moves out on this dummy.
Dude, I can't wait
to meet Romeo.
- I know.
I want everyone to see him.
- It's time.
- It is. It is time. Yeah.
I love being a daddy.
- Yeah.
- We're just starting to talk
about the next one.
- Are you insane?
- Because we just moved him.
Yeah, we moved him
to his own room.
- So now we're like--now
we feel, like,
he left us, like,
because we're like--
- No, he's still
pretty much there.
- I know.
- I would always say
two years apart.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
- Just, like,
so you have that time
with your first, and the second
you're ready to go.
- Yeah.
- Yes, yes.
That's what I figured.
- You know, everyone's in LA.
We're missing it.
- Yes.
- And there's lot of dramers
going down.
- Vinny did call me. He said
that he confronted Angelina,
and she was deflecting and took
no really accountability
for her part
in spreading a false rumor.
- So nothing great happened?
- Yeah. Yeah.
- He just further
made it worse.
- Well, I'm glad
I'm--I'm not involved.
- Same. Thank God.
- I am famished
after that hike.
I need a slice.
- I got the perfect place
for you guys.
- I need pepperoni pizza.
- Whoo-hoo, pizza.
- I heard this is, like,
semi-famous.
- It's from New York.
- We want, like, four slices.
- Two pepperonis,
three regular cheese.
- Two pepperonis.
- And one with a lot
of sausage on it.
- Two slices, two salads,
and a grandma slice.
All right, I ordered.
They had cauliflower crust,
so I got some of that.
- Thank you.
- Meatballs for you.
- May I ask
how your relationship's going?
- Oh, yeah. I heard about
you guys' lawyer trip.
- Her lawyer and I talked
about you having a date
leading up to your anniversary
to try and make it work.
- Did you bring that up
to Chris,
like, let's give it
a solid three months?
- No, not yet.
- People's relationships,
everybody's got
their own story.
I don't know.
My story is to be continued.
- She's not doing anything
to better her relationship.
No sexuals. Not even trying
to have that commitment.
But she's doing everything
to prepare for a divorce.
- Oh, a TMZ tour.
This happens to me
all the time in LA, you know?
Yeah. Yeah. Whoo.
- Vinny is acting like this
TMZ bus is for him right now.
- I'm, like, calm down, sir.
Like, LA definitely
got to his head.
- That's Deena.
- Is this really a thing?
- Yeah.
- I'm jumping off a bridge.
- Just part of
the experience, guys.
- Gotta wake up.
What did you sleep--oh,
wait, four hours you said.
- I got about five.
- Well, Vinny and I argued for
17 [bleep] hours last night.
I think it was
a good conversation.
- Unfortunately,
it's not just like,
"Oh, we talked about it;
now it's done."
- Okay, whatever
you say, Vinchenzo.
I can't. It's ridiculous.
Double standard, what up?
- We have to go back
to the hotel,
get all of our luggage...
- Okay.
- And then when we're done
doing what we gotta do,
we're gonna go right
to the airport.
With this rumor that Angelina
and Chris started or spread
or whatever,
I'm still not over it.
And I can't just smile
and shake it off.
- Vinny, you've got us
running around LA today.
- 24 hours in LA.
- Oh, my God.
- 12 for me.
[funky music]
- ♪ Wow hear the bass
and the boom ♪
- Hey, you missed
the whole backboard.
Do you know how to play horse?
- Yeah, you have
to match my shot.
And if you don't,
you get a letter.
- Let's switch it up
and play Romeo.
- Okay.
- Instead of horse.
I'll go first.
Ahh, bucket.
You see how I stuck out
my tongue.
- Ow.
- What--what was that?
♪ ♪
- Ahh!
- What the?
Cover the windows.
You got R-O-M-E.
Here's for the game.
Ready? That's gonna
end game right there.
- Yeah.
- Oh, oh.
That's gonna end the game
right there.
You got Romeo.
Romeo.
[laughter]
- Into the pool.
- Oh, it went in the pool.
- In the pool.
I won.
[upbeat funky music]
- ♪ Get stacks all facts
no cap ♪
♪ No cap ♪
- ♪ Don't like it ♪
♪ Double up, run it back ♪
- ♪ Run it back ♪
- 30 minutes we have.
- That's it?
- Yes.
- That's what Vinny said.
- I need alcohol.
- All right.
Well, we have some wine.
I called it in. Cheers.
What has Chris been saying?
- Hold on. I was like,
"He said we were snakes
"and that he's gonna tell you
that you are one too.
He's being a baby asshole."
He's like, "[bleep] him."
I'm gonna go call him.
Point blank, people always
spread rumors about me.
Now he knows
what it feels like.
Last night at dinner
Vinny was like, "You guys--
"you and your husband,
"you guys made up
a rumor about me.
You both are snakes, and now
I don't [bleep] with you both."
- He's a little [bleep] pussy.
Put him on the phone.
- He's not here. He's not here.
- Little skinny,
little pussy runt.
Thinks he big [bleep].
I wish was there
to [bleep] smack him.
Cause you know what?
[inaudible] [bleep].
If he wants to talk
about me, well, guess what.
Now on don't talk about me
or my wife anymore.
- Oh, yeah, he's pissed.
With the way
he sounds right now,
I'm actually scared for Vinny.
- Babe, he was like,
"You both are snakes."
And then I'm wearing that--that
snake outfit. He's like,
"Oh, look, you're dressed
perfect for the part. A snake
Dah-dah-dah-dah-dah," like,
banter and [bleep], but...
- No, listen, I knew it.
As soon as he called
Chris a snake,
I knew Chris
was gonna flip out.
- He was like, "You and your
husband are [bleep] snakes,
and I'm gonna say it
to your husband's face."
I'm like, "You're gonna say it
to Chris' face? Really?"
- Tell him to get
a ladder first.
- Okay--
- He did say that.
- So here's the deal.
I do think that Chris and Vinny
need to talk in person...
- See?
- 'Cause that's not gonna be
a--a FaceTime.
Listen, I know all about
stirring the pot,
and I basically wrote
the book on it.
I saw Angelina stirring
the pot calling Chris.
Like, you're working him up.
He's on the other side
of the country.
He can't do [bleep]
about this.
And yet here you are saying
Vinny called you a snake.
What are you gonna do about it?
Like, oh, bitch. Mm-mm.
- Hey, hey. We gotta go, girl.
Hi, Chris.
- Hi, Chris.
- He's pissed.
- Hi.
- I still have to keep
this friggin' 24-hour LA
fun trip on schedule.
You guys just all three need
to sit down and have
a freaking conversation.
- But can I watch?
- I couldn't give two [bleep]
about him
or his [bleep] sex life.
- Can we go to our next event?
- Yeah, let's go. Bye, Chris
- Bye.
4 1/2 hours to go till
I'm going the [bleep] home.
- All right, let's [bleep]
do this,
but we gotta
keep trucking along.
- Yeah, well, okay.
- Keep on keeping on.
- I need a lot of alcohol.
- ♪ Big girl
with big boss energy ♪
♪ Big world ♪
♪ The people gon'
remember me ♪
all: ♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday dear Lorenzo ♪
- I said Angelo.
all: ♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
Whoo!
- What time is it?
- 4:45.
- All right, we have
four hours. Let's do this.
- Then he's like Chris
is gonna be Vinny's ass.
- Oh, my gosh.
I'm gonna be so excited.
- I don't know.
- They should--they should have
a serious discussion.
- How much have you drank?
- Why?
- All right, come on, guys.
Welcome to the celebrity tour.
- What are you doing?
- Where do you wanna tour?
So these girls wanna do LA
in 24 hours.
- Oh, my God.
I'm drunk already.
- Do some sightseeing,
whatever.
All right, guys,
I'll be right back.
I gotta get one more thing.
Hold on.
- He's not coming.
- Vinny!
- All right, we can't do it
without our LA hats.
- Oh, my God.
- This is a LA tour.
- All right.
I'm actually really happy
that Vinny set up
a Hollywood star tour.
- I'm ready for the damn tour.
- For us to go out and be
[bleep] tourists for an hour.
LA tour here we come.
- Cute.
Will you send that to me?
Cheers.
- Cheers.
- All right, people,
who's ready for the tour?
- We're ready!
[funky music]
- Let's get onto
Sunset Boulevard.
This is Sunset Strip
in West Hollywood.
Hi, how are you doing? Oh.
- Oh, my God.
- Someone just
threw something at us.
Oh.
- No wonder
you're [bleep] moving.
- Yeah, seriously.
- We're gonna die.
- No wonder you're coming home.
People are crazy out here.
- Yeah, they're really nuts.
- ♪ Last night with you ♪
- Honey, food is here.
Oh--
I'm sorry, honey. I'm excited.
- I called our church
to schedule Romeo's baptism,
but they won't even
give me a date
until we give them
all of our paperwork.
- Really?
- So I need all of
my sacraments certificate
with the church seal.
- Okay.
- All of your sacraments
certificate
with a church seal.
- I did. We have--
- You did.
- Do we have proof of that?
- I know; I gotta find it.
- They're serious over there.
- Yeah.
[upbeat music]
- ♪ Cruisin' down
the west side ♪
♪ Got the Hollywood sign
in the headlights ♪
- We just saw
a drug deal go down.
- Where?
- On the stairs.
- Only one?
- Yeah.
- Only one, okay.
Well, that's--
that's not that many
for an hour tour.
- Well, Deena, I just saw it
transpire.
- It's part of the experience.
- I don't care.
- No, they look like
high schoolers
that just exchanged pot.
- It's part--part
of the experience.
- Those are just skateboarders.
- We're not taking pictures
of anything but the thing.
Vinny, don't be a narc,
and shut up.
Like, I'm not trying
to get shot here.
Like, I'm trying to get home
to my kids.
Are we gonna see
anybody's cool houses?
- We can actually
go to my house.
I still own it even though
it's empty.
- Let's got to Vinny's house.
- Vinny's house.
- It's up Queens.
both: Vinny house,
Vinny's house, Vinny's house.
- It's up--shut up.
- He's trying to have
a conversation.
- ♪ Foot on the gas,
hope I never crash ♪
♪ Uh, peek at the dash,
and I'm going fast ♪
- What happens, honey,
if we don't have the records
of my baptism
and-or communion?
- If they don't, then you would
have to redo any sacraments.
- So I have to get
baptized again?
- Baptized,
holy--first Holy Communion.
- Someone's got to dunk me
in the waters again?
- You might have to wear
a white suit again.
- They're gonna dunk me
in the water again, Mom?
- Well, something like that.
Yeah.
- Yeah.
- Really? Wow.
- ♪ Break it down now ♪
♪ Break it down now ♪
- All right, guys,
fasten your seat belts.
You guys wanna know
where my house is?
All the way up.
- I really like this.
- It's like a rollercoaster.
- We're making this guy use
all his [bleep] gas.
I feel bad for him.
- Can we throw
Angelina off?
- [Bleep]
- She might roll down the hill.
- Actually, she wouldn't.
She would hop on her broom
and fly away.
- Yeah, [bleep] that. I would.
- Whoo-hoo!
This is [inaudible], Vin?
- Yeah.
- Cool.
- Right here. Sold. Right here.
- Oh, my God, it says sold.
This is it.
- Yay!
- Yeah, this is it.
- Oh, yeah.
- It's stunning.
- Oh, it's so cute. I love it.
- I have to go potty so bad.
- Let's take off our shoes.
- Even though it's sold
and even though
there's no furniture in it,
I'm excited that we finally
get to see Vinny's house.
So I can at least go home
to Zack and be, like,
"I did go to Vinny's house."
- This is so nice.
Vinny, did you finish
your jacuzzi pool?
- Yeah.
- You're gonna miss that,
I feel.
- This is where I did
all my jump roping.
- ♪ Look at it rain ♪
- ♪ I got a trip
and they know it ♪
- ♪ They know it ♪
- ♪ I got a trip
and they know it ♪
- ♪ They know it ♪
- ♪ I got a trip
and they know it ♪
- It smells like the Jersey
Shore house in here.
- It does.
- [laughs]
- Did it.
- This is so pretty.
- Damn, this is so nice.
- I love it.
- I got, like,
sad honestly, like,
when I packed up everything
and it was the last time,
because I had so many
good memories here, but...
- Ever since we were young
Vinny has always said
that he wanted to go
and live in LA
for a little bit.
So even if it didn't work out
at least he did it.
- Ultimately,
those good memories
don't outweigh what I have
on the East Coast, my family.
- Yeah.
- I love LA, but it's still
not worth being away
from my family all the time.
My heart is there.
- Yeah.
- Can I see the rest
of the house?
- Yes.
- So pretty.
- I like that the girls got to
physically see where I lived,
What driving up the hills
and, you know,
going into my house
every day has been like,
what my house looks like.
- Beautiful home.
- I'll find this equivalent
over there.
- Definitely.
- It's the perfect way to end
my last night in LA.
Bye, house.
- Blow kisses.
- Bye, house.
- [indistinct]
- It's good luck.
- [Bleep] off.
- You get mad at me
for other things and you--and
your payback is coming on
the show and spreading a rumor?
- It's not payback.
- I just think you're being
really defensive
because you know
what you did was wrong.
- You guys have fun today?
- Yeah.
- I really did.
- Even better will be
your meal at Yamashiro.
- Thank you.
- You're quite welcome.
- Thank you so much.
- You guys have fun.
- Oh, beautiful.
- Girls' trip.
- Girls' trip with Vinny.
- This restaurant,
you did good.
- All right,
where am I taking a picture?
- You live here.
Why do you need
to take a selfie?
- Okay, so you have to get,
like, a little low.
- No-no.
- Like that.
- You got mad problems.
- Oh, that's fire. That's fire.
- I'm going to pee.
- He's annoying.
- So when we were
in the hotel room...
- Yeah.
- She called Chris and was
talking smack
about what you said about him.
And then he was talking smack,
but there was anger
in his voice.
- He's a little [bleep] pussy.
Thinks he big [bleep].
I wish I was there to [bleep]
smack him, but you know what?
[inaudible]
[bleep].
- You guys spread little rumors
then you're not, like,
considered, like,
a friend to me.
Chris is pissed at me
for being pissed at Angelina.
Why are you mad at me?
You guys started it.
It's a snakey thing to do,
you know?
What they did is [bleep] up.
And the more I talk about this,
the more miserable
I'm gonna be.
[upbeat music]
I gotta Instagram story
my food. Sparkler girls.
- Sparklers.
- Ooh.
- Oh, my God.
- Fancy.
- Awesome.
- Ooh, my goodness.
- There you go. Enjoy.
- Thanks.
- Thank you.
- How long is this here for?
- 12 minutes. Basically.
Well, cheers
to a great short trip...
- To Deena and Chris.
- Yes.
- And to Vinny
selling his house.
- Thanks for coming out here.
I know it was a short trip.
I appreciate you
checking on me, okay?
- We always are
looking out for you.
- You guys really--
- Congratulations.
- You really [bleep]
showed your true colors
coming all the way out here
to check on me
across the country.
That's crazy.
- We love you.
- Honestly, congratulations
on the sell.
- Thank you.
You're the first people
I get to celebrate with
- Yay, I love it.
[upbeat music]
- ♪ Every day I [indistinct] ♪
- [sighs]
I got a little bit
of a headache, honey.
- What's going on?
- I'm starting to get worried.
No one has our records
or my records.
- Your records.
I have my records.
- Okay, sorry.
Staten Island has been unable
to locate
Big Daddy Sitch's sacraments.
And we officially have
a situation, because if we
can't find my sacraments,
we can't baptize Romeo.
If they can't find
my sacraments,
then they need
to redo my baptism.
- So are you proposing a redo
of your baptismal sacrament?
- Yeah, but not just any redo.
If you have to dunk BDS
in some waters,
it's gotta be the holiest
of waters, you know?
- Oh, [bleep].
So you're like making--you're
gonna do a big thing.
- I'm gonna do something big,
you know?
Obviously,
I've been The Situation,
The Inspiration,
The Designation.
I have also been The
Investigation, The Mediation.
And now it's only right that
I am now The Blessification.
[ethereal music]
- Holy [bleep].
- Yes, holy [bleep] is right.
- Oh, my God.
I didn't even mean to do that.
- Yeah.
- Well...
- Looks like we're gonna have
a baptism before the baptism.
- Oh, my God. It's happening.
- Every day I'm gonna wake up
now to my dog
and my niece having them
so close and my mom and,
like, appreciate every moment,
'cause I took it for granted.
- Hmm. So Melania always asked
why hasn't Vinny
found a girlfriend?
- Oh, really?
- Well, he actually has
a little bit of a girlfriend.
- I've been smashing just her.
That's why when she spread
the rumor
I knew that it wasn't true.
- You [bleep] knew first
of all.
- I've been smashing
the same person the whole year.
- Okay, did not spread
a [bleep] rumor.
- Yeah, you're--you're
a super spreader.
- Here we go again.
What are you doing?
This is the problem.
They are a lot more alike
than you think.
- I know. And he--
- I'm not like her.
- He doesn't--he doesn't wanna
ever admit it, but he--
- I'm not like you, girl.
I'm not like you.
You're super scummy.
- When he gets older
when he's walking with a--
- I'm not like you.
- Oh, my--
- Oh, my God.
- What did you just say?
- You're super scummy.
I'm not like you.
- Yo, are you [bleep]
- You're low.
- How am I low?
- Don't physically assault him.
- With a [bleep] napkin
or something. How am I low?
- You know how you're low.
- Oh, give me a break, okay?
You've been lower than
low many times.
- No, I don't get that low.
- Scummy's really not nice.
- Well, then if you're saying--
- She is.
That's the word
that's--that's kinda--
- How are you just gonna
call me scummy?
- Unfortunately, that's what
now comes to my head.
- Well, that's not really
that--that nice.
- It's unfortunate. I know.
- Are you seriously all jokes
aside, right, mad at her?
- I mean, the word isn't mad.
I can't explain it.
- Are you done with her?
- It's turned off.
Yeah, I'm done.
- Angelina, I did tell Vinny
that you had
a conversation with Chris
when we were getting ready
for the 30 minutes...
- You sounded scary.
- Really?
- And he sounded very upset.
- I would be scared.
- Really?
- He sounded very upset.
- Like, what?
He's gonna hurt me?
Oh, my God. I'm so scared.
- Why do you gotta go there?
Why did you do that?
- I didn't say anything.
I didn't say any of that.
No-no. Did I say that?
Did I say that?
- No, I mean, like not scared.
- Hold on. Did I say that?
- What? No.
- I didn't say any of that.
I just said--
- Yeah, she said
you should be afraid.
What? He's gonna--he's gonna--
- No, not scared.
Like, he just
came off aggressive.
- No. Oh, my God.
- He came off aggressively.
So not that you should
be scared.
- Call him right now.
I'll tell him, "Chris,
I don't like what you did."
- But I wouldn't--I wouldn't
wanna deal with that.
- That you said he was...
that you said [bleep].
- That he's a snake?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- I feel like I'm looking like
I'm crazy saying
he came off aggressively.
He came off [bleep] aggressive.
- If Chris wants to [bleep],
do whatever.
I'll let him do it now,
'cause you're pissing me off.
'Cause now you're being [bleep]
nitty gritty.
- Do whatever.
Are you threatening me again
with Chris?
- I'm very concerned about
the next time Vin and Ang
and Chris see each other.
I don't see this blowing
over anytime soon.
- Shut up.
- There's a beautiful
Hollywood sign.
- You're pissing me off now.
[hip-hop music]
♪ ♪
- You might think I'm a scumbag
and whatever,
but when you said snake,
that's a little [bleep]
up to even say that.
For me to hear that coming out
of Vinny's mouth
is just not cool at all.
Like, he [bleep]
crossed the line.
- I think you and Chris need
to just have a conversation
as two men and that's it.
- All I'm saying is, I don't
have beef with Chris.
- Right.
- This is me saying yo,
what you did was a bad move
and I don't want [bleep] with
you anymore because of that.
- Yeah.
This dinner is going so bad.
Vinny's really pissed.
[phone rings]
- Oh, [bleep].
Pauly is calling me.
- Thank God. Hey, Pauly.
- Pauly.
- We have a lot to catch up on.
It's a girls' trip.
- Girl's trip with Vinnie.
- We came to check on him.
- Yeah, so I actually
sold my house.
Yeah, I sold my house.
Angelina, get out of here,
you [bleep] [bleep]
super spreader scummy.
- Jerk off.
- Scumbag is not nice.
At this rate,
I hope I get out of LA alive.
Between Angelina
and Vinny fighting, I feel like
there's just gonna be
an explosion before we leave.
- I came out to the West Coast.
You never visited me.
So now I gotta go back
to the East Coast.
- He actually said he needed
to come here to realize
how much he liked us.
- Yeah, not Angelina.
I don't like her. I never did.
- He loves me.
- Oh, my God.
You're going real low.
- I don't give a [bleep].
- You're being a dick now.
- That's--but that's the truth.
- All right.
Vinny has no respect for me,
and I'm so sick
and tired of him
treating me like this.
Like, I cannot take it anymore.
We had a decent conversation
yesterday.
Now it turned into [bleep].
- You and Chris now did that
to me, and it's sad,
because you're not
my friends anymore.
- You're a [bleep] idiot.
Shut up.
- See you on the East Coast.
- Bye, Pauly.
- Bye, Pauly. Love you.
- Oh, my God.
Are you kidding me?
- Y'all about to start
really beefing, huh?
- You're being a dick
right now.
- How? 'Cause I'm right?
- Because no, you're not
[bleep] right.
- You didn't spread a rumor
- I'm not gonna--I'm not gonna
put up with your [bleep]
gaslighting [bleep].
- You didn't spread a rumor?
- Can we buy the people
behind us drinks?
- I didn't spread a rumor
of that.
- Yes, you did. You spread it.
You didn't start it;
you spread it.
- Ma'am.
- You wanna go making
up--making
up crazy lies about me.
- This is a very classy place.
- You talk [bleep] to me
all the time.
- Can we buy them a round
behind us?
- Vinny, you [bleep] talk down
to me all the time
like I'm a piece of [bleep].
- Is that spreading a rumor?
- Something nice. Thank you.
- [Bleep] you. I had
no [bleep] respect for you.
- So if that's how
you wanna play.
- How about that?
- Jesus Christ.
- ♪ Smoked so much
that I can't even focus ♪
♪ I'm so lit that I can't
even focus ♪
- So much drama, man.
- What?
- So I just got off with Vinny.
Remember Angelina
and Chris made up
that crazy rumor about Vinny?
- Yeah.
- He's annoyed.
- All this he said,
she said crap,
and it's, like, what the hell?
I'm pissed that Chris
for being pissed at Vinny
for being pissed that Angelina.
I think it was [bleep].
But I don't know
what they were trying to do.
- You get mad at me
for other things,
and you--and your payback
is coming on the show
and spreading a rumor?
- It's not payback.
I never spread a [bleep]
crazy rumors about you.
- Yeah, you did.
You and Chris did.
- No, I didn't.
- I just think you're being
really defensive,
because you know
what you did was wrong.
- No.
- I think that Angelina
and Chris
are just really mad
at themselves
and mad at each other,
and I think that they're mad
that they just
got caught lying.
- You are [bleep]
overdramatic.
If it's not true, let it go.
So if you knew it was not true,
why are you so mad?
- This is getting crazy.
All this fighting is ruining
this beautiful view,
this amazing restaurant,
and I'm just ready to go home.
- You're pissing me off, Vinny.
- We have 30 minutes.
- [Bleep] [inaudible].
- Listen, all I know is I said
it out loud. You were MIA.
- Okay, that's my--my opinion
is that's a snake move.
- I thought you were gonna
be there but you weren't there.
I don't give a [bleep]
what you think about.
- Can we just eat
and not fight?
- Shut the [bleep] up.
- Oh.
- That's my opinion.
- [Bleep] shut up.
- Ooh.
- 'Cause I'm sick and tired
of your [bleep].
- It's not a lie. If somebody
made up a rumor about you--
- Which is a lie.
- Which is a lie
but I didn't do that.
- That's it.
- I didn't lie about you.
- You're just
continued the lie.
- It's not spreading rumors.
- No, that's not
spreading rumors?
- We said trip, guys.
- It's a snake move.
- That's not a snake move.
- Yes, it is.
- Let's just all just [bleep]
shut the [bleep] up
and enjoy our last 15 minutes.
- It's not about me doing
something tit for tat.
- You said--
- What the [bleep]?
Are you kidding me?
You're a dick.
- Can we just eat
and not fight?
- I don't understand why you're
taking this out on me.
Don't shoot the messenger
is--is actually irrelevant.
- Tonight we're done.
Let's enjoy the last five
[bleep] minutes, and that's it.
- Give me a break.
- Can we have the check?
- Why?
I got more balls than you?
I got more backbone?
- Maybe you--
- We're done.
- No.
- Shut the [bleep] up.
- Let it go. Let it go!
- [Bleep].
I just need to go home.
Get me on the flight.
- See?
- I have a surprise
about tomorrow.
- What's that?
- Oh, God.
- Okay, they wouldn't
baptize Romeo
if I didn't redo my baptism,
and we're gonna do it tomorrow.
- You're 55.
Like, you didn't get baptized?
- You and hubby are having
real turbulent issues.
- I need some guidance
in my life.
My grandmother said,
"This pet psychic,
maybe she could help you."
- She really doesn't like
Chris.
- And why doesn't she like him?
- 'Cause she don't like her.
- What?
- Hi.